Update README.md, split into some separate doc files (#4386)
Warzone2100/warzone2100: doc/Cheats.md

# Warzone 2100 Cheats

Like many other games, Warzone 2100 features a certain set of cheats that can be
used to have an advantage in the singleplayer-campaign and skirmish-games, or to
just help mod-makers and map-makers with testing. Cheats do not work in multiplayer,
unless all players agree to it.

Cheats are likely to contain or trigger bugs, so use with care, especially
during campaign.

### Entering Cheat Mode

> To be able cheats while in-game, press shift and backspace simultaneously.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable cheats while in-game, press shift and backspace simultaneously.
```
